To wrap this module up,
we've learned that Dockerfile is nothing more than a simple
text file that has specific instructions.
You can say what the image that you're going to be creating is based
on. That's the FROM instruction. We can run different types of
commands, such as npm install or many others.
We can define environment variables, set the entry point that
will run as you run the container, and much,
much more.
Now the FROM is where it all starts as mentioned, and this has to go at the
very beginning of the file because we have to know what is the base image, and
then once we've added the other instructions we can,
go ahead and use the Docker build command, tag the image,
and then it will be available on your local system.
Now,
if you do want to make it available either remotely for other
team members or maybe even for the public,
then we can push that image up to Docker Hub, and that's very easy to do,
once you've logged in, using the Docker push command.
So now you've seen the process of building custom images,
getting those images working as containers, and now, what we're going to talk
about moving forward is how we could start to orchestrate multiple containers and have them start communicating with each other.